yeah he's just watching all the monkeys
rolling around the dirt you know of
throwing at each other back and
forth and I'm like yeah our monkeys
better and then he just comes in and
then crea wins well stay three of MSI
2018 as the wind has kicked up in Berlin
I'm joined right now by Iselle himself
with coverage presented by no one yes
cafard my bank account and the YouTube
description either way I've got a sale
here today to talk a little bit about
how MSI is going so I thought that we
were gonna be doing like the the funeral
interview here for North America's
chances but they managed to pull off a
win today against RNG we don't know how
their second game is gonna go but we'll
see how do you feel about Team Liquid so
far I mean we've got King's Own next so
gonna be easy
you know fnatic can beat them obviously
team not just good but I mean the first
I think the first couple days were
pretty rough it's always really this
morning for NA fans and obviously for
the team themselves to you know to have
these high expectations coming into an
event and then fail to meet them and
while like a lot of people want to kind
of make excuses and talk about oh well
is this or was that or is the other
thing to me being successful at you know
at this game is more than just your
in-game skill right it's mental
fortitude it is like having good
coaching staff and an understanding of
the meta and all these things so you
know to be honest I don't think there is
an excuse for their performance the
first two days whatever the reason was
it's all part of a combination of what
makes you a good team and they were
clearly the worst team at the event the
first two days what I will say though is
they are not the least talented team
right they have the ability to play much
better than they showed I think on those
first two days and that's kind of what
we got to see here against RNG so it
really comes down to like which one is
going to show up right with fnatic as
well horrible first day they looked they
look terrible but they go back to what
is tried-and-true for them and they
perform exceptionally well on day two
now do you think so there's an
interesting thing here where when we're
in Europe because of the time zones I I
go to sleep as North America is like
waking up and seeing what happened and
then I wake up as North America is going
to sleep and has sort of spread out
their opinions on Twitter and reddit and
everywhere so wake up and everybody
just like Olay sucks teamliquid sucks
it's the you know the world North
America Rises North America always fail
excited said do you feel like the sort
of public outcry in the past after these
first two days has is a fair one to have
I think so I mean I think at the end of
the day it's we should have high
expectations for these teams right when
you look at the amount of resources that
are poured into an organization like
Team Liquid you know there's rumors of
the million dollar impact salary what do
you think that combined salary is of a
team like Evo's right you know probably
a fraction of that right and then you're
looking at you know the coaching staff
and and a sports psychologist and
everything that is available to them so
you should have high expectations I
think that is fair but I think what I
would always say is criticisms are valid
but should be limited to to the
playwright not to the person and I think
the personal attacks and stuff have no
real place but yeah by all means
criticize the play criticize you know
the the read on the meta criticized
whatever you want there because I do
think that's legitimate we should have
high expectations for our teams they're
supported by you know multi-million
dollar organizations and and these guys
have stated there are you know training
facilities and all these things they
have everything you should need to
succeed and it's just a matter of being
able to execute on that level what's it
like for you here at the EU LCS to do I
won't go into whether that should've
been in the you LCS to do because I'm
biased but what is kind of cool is there
is compared to North America where you
guys are kind of in this little birds
nest thing in the corner the casters
have sort of an on the ground feel
you're on basically the same stage as
the rest of the players so well what do
you feel about sort of the experience
here I actually liked it used to do a
lot more than the NA studio to be honest
even just the cast room I don't if
you've seen that but they have like a
nice setup with some couches and
monitors you can go up laptop to and a
couple TVs to watch the game so it's
like it's a very nice feel because
you're also in a similar area to where
the players are so players are walking
by you can chat with the players you can
talk about the other casters and watch
the game so it has like a really nice
kind of community feel I guess and I
personally really enjoy that the casting
desk is liked by the crowd and by the
players I actually really enjoy that was
one of things actually really liked
about the smaller studio in na back when
we were doing double stream was I could
look right out and see the players
cuz when I favorite things is seeing how
the players are reacting with something
goes well or poorly because I find you
can often read a lot into how a team is
gonna perform the rest of the game when
something goes bad are they
communicating and thinking about next
steps or signs you look over the first
letter is giving up and it's just
silence right like no one is saying a
word everyone looks pissed and you're
like well they're not coming back so so
I kind of enjoy that quite a bit and I
think the studio looks nice I think you
know the players would prefer it to
probably be in a bigger studio I think
most people love that field but I think
it's been really fun yeah and so you
mentioned the casting area being really
nice here the green room area sorry for
the casters I actually don't know and so
North America they just have you like an
intent behind the building you're like
they have TVs there's couches so I'm
trying to visualize what this looks like
you're like there's no TVs you just sit
on the ground you pull out your phone
you kind of hope to see the stream I
mean it's not so bad it's just that it's
it's more like it's not as setup there
you know it's kind of like more we're
using a look at conference room that's
kind of more converted I guess you know
and they do have TV and all that stuff
right but it's it's just I think they
have a very cozy set up and I like that
it's you know like the make up room in
the wardrobe room and everything our
rate across from that like everything is
just in one area there's snacks there's
coffee there's everything in one area
like right around where the pro player
rooms are which is very cool whereas you
know in the NA LCS studio we're in a
conference room in a corner back in the
offices and then as you know you know
the makeup room is like literally under
the stage over there and then the pro
player rooms are kind of somewhere in
between so like everything is more
spread out so here it's just everything
is very kind of centralized and and
that's one of things I really enjoyed
when I came for referrals and also for
this yeah I I have mixed feelings I like
the fact that so media can go into like
a little cafe here and interact with you
guys and and the pro players I've
noticed that when I try to sit down with
you guys you all kind of like turn your
backs to me you never even came over to
me I was at you and you're just like I
was a that's such a there was a there
was a feeling of this guy devil if I
don't think I want to interview him
there's no point in talking to him it
kind of goes back to high school you
know I just looked over to you guys and
there was a vibe that I was not it was
kind of like jet jet saw me look and he
kind of turned like this
you know just a little bit of a turn no
but I do like that but depressing the
breasts area I think at the NA LCS is a
little nicer we have we have in the same
way that you have maybe a nicer caster
set up here we have a better press area
back in North America but it is kind of
cool sort of compare and contrast seeing
the different things I will say I've
missed the parking lot where everybody
like congregates and hangs out and
everybody goes out there's not really
like a place to like go out and hang out
here so the entrance isn't as cool here
and I'd also say our stage looks cooler
in na so there's there's definitely you
know pros and cons to each but most of
stuff that I enjoy is stuff that like
doesn't actually affect the show right
it's just kind of behind the scenes but
it's like you know creature comforts I
guess so is the West going to actually
do anything interesting at this
tournament I don't think it's possible I
mean fnatic has showed some really
strong games they just be Evo's as I was
coming out here so they're three and two
now they took down King zone I mean if
you look at their day two in the start
of their day three they look incredibly
strong R and G is looking somewhat shaky
like it's certainly reasonable to think
they could be RNG later today and be
sitting it forward to right fnatic is
definitely looking pretty good for TL I
really think it is a mental game you
know are they able to kind of recover
and stay strong because you're not
expecting anyone to really be king zone
yes it is possible but you can't go into
that with like a loss the King's Own
being your definition of failure right
like there's just such a damn good team
so I think they have to just kind of
stay somewhat positive you beat RNG
which is supposed to be you know most
people were checking the second-best
team in the tournament if you can play
consistently even whether you go first
you get fourth you go into the knockout
stage it doesn't really matter yes you
could have a harder opponent but it's
it's still certainly possible but I mean
they put themselves in a really big hole
so that it would have to play kind of
like above expectations to make up for
it I'm glad you brought up the strength
of Kingston because I'm kind of curious
about this going into this event
everyone was like as if anyone other
than King zone will win and it kind of
had like the same sort of like pompous
assumptions that you get whenever SKT
goes to a tournament
do you think that that's fair because I
do feel like King's own field looks a
little bit more vulnerable here maybe
they haven't like inherited sort of the
SKT badassness yet where they could just
come in and destroy everyone I mean
notable that flash wolves right now is
like sit hanging out at the top we have
to
remember like two years ago SKT at msi
was six and four bar and g1 the group
rng SKT is the semi-finals it was like a
300 3-1 right this is a team that
dominated in best of threes in lck it's
not like they're just they're just a a
korean team they are by far the best
korean team they slam the other teams in
the lck the finals weren't even close I
think that it is always possible for
them to drop game to the best of one I
still think honestly they are by far and
away the best team when you get to best
of fives whether they finished fourth
placed or not no it's not like anyone's
gonna pick them you know as their
opponent everyone's gonna be trying to
dodge them because they have so many
different strategies they can run so
it's like does another team have have
the you know the breath of champion pool
do they have enough different strategies
to actually beat them in a best-of-five
because they can play every style right
you can have kana and Kari you can play
full split bushes you did not allow you
can play a standard teamfight tank-type
team you can play you know Cray playing
support / full-out hyper carry so that
is what makes them so scary is that they
have talented players in every single
role who can play basically every single
champion and then how do you attack that
team and pick bans whereas when you look
at flash rules people are saying well
yeah they've done great but Betty's only
played varus and Ezreal those are you
know his his two most played by far like
how will he look on other champions and
so on and so forth there's more
approachable ways to attack them and
Pigman maybe you can give me a little
bit of the behind-the-scenes with you
and the other casters here because
whenever at these events as you know
Kobe and officio like get together it's
this weird it's borderline romantic but
for you I'm what's it like hanging out
with the rest of the folks that all come
in and you know - are there anybody that
you like seeing after you know hanging
out with the North American guys most of
the time I mean I like hanging out with
all them it's kind of fun like I do
think it's it's a pretty nice atmosphere
as far as like this there's a pretty
strong rivalry right like it's always
kind of funny when na is playing you
it's obviously very intense but then
it's funny when you're like the North
American caster and you're watching
fnatic play someone else and you know
different you and Vettius and then we're
all freaking out about this Evo scan and
like watch right and there's a go
freaking out so I think that's kind of
one of the fun dynamics is that everyone
everyone does this for a living but ever
is still like a mega fan like you see
shocks in and quickshot like jumping up
and down and hugging each other one
phonetic wins a game right people are
fans at heart and they want their region
succeed and I think that is something
that is kind of like invigorating to see
that these people who have been doing it
for seven eight years or whatever
however long they've been doing it still
are like ultra invested and love the
game and love their region and their
teams our frost can pop us methey like
the the odd people out you know like
there's like they'll be the one person
holding down for like lck or or you know
what I don't know whoever's playing I
think frost is kind of like one more one
of us as far as like how she reacts to
the games Papa smithy I think because
Korea always wins I think you're like
yeah curry you know it's it's like he
wants to see good games we all just want
to see good games and I think he has the
luxurious position of his region always
being the winner at the end that on the
throne yeah he's just watching all the
monkeys roll around the dirt you know
throwing at each other back and
forth and I'm like yeah our monkeys
better and then he just comes in and
then Korea wins well you've really got
me hyped for Paris next week is there
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there I don't know I mean I
guess thanks thanks for being a fan
thanks for supporting my boy Travis here
flying out you know Travis gaffer at
industries industries though we've
upgraded for eSports industries I like
that industries you're doing God's work
out here Travis so well thank you for
the shout out on the broadcast up to
eight artists kills me whatever I hear
like Oh in an interview yesterday but
doublelift said this or somebody else
and then I'm just like what hello what
about what about so whenever you you
said that chat said it later thank you
so much anyway everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel I know that these are normally
more of a joke or meme or whatever but I
do want to just give a heartfelt thank
you for supporting my trip over here a
lot of you guys have hit up the patreon
page or the support page and that is
kind of lessening the blow of the costs
doing this I know North America is not
doing too well but I still I'm really
happy that I'm here and creating all the
different content for you guys and a lot
of you maybe are just liking or
subscribing to the channel or just
leaving nice comments and that stuff is
actually really really helpful as well
you know even in a world where
you you don't want to hit up the patreon
or the support page just doing something
like that means a lot to me so thank you
so much